Document proposed alt_text properties. (#24990)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/picture.markdown

  required: true
  description: "The URL of an image. When you want to store images in your Home Assistant installation use the [hosting files documentation](/integrations/http/#hosting-files). After storing your files, use the `/local` path, for example, `/local/filename.jpg`."
  type: string
alt_text:
  required: false

>   description: "Image alternate text. This is useful for users of assistive technology."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Alternative text for the image. This is useful for users of assistive technology."
```
